January 2014 
                          Welcome to our new graduate students Dominik Halter and Christopher Hörger! Both have chosen to do their "Dissertation" on uranium coordination chemistry and we are more than happy to have them in our team! Welcome guys - enjoy your "Doktoranden-time"!
Welcome to all international guests staying with us for extended research stays!!!
Visiting from the United States are Matthew Chalkley (Yale University) and Donald Ripatti (University of California, San Diego). Both are undergraduate students and have been awarded research fellowships (Fulbright fellowship to MC, DAAD fellowship to DR) for a 9 months stay in our group before they will move on to begin their graduate education. Congratulations to both of them! Great to have you in the team!
Visiting from Great Britain are Simon Randall and Alexander (Sandy) Kilpatrick. Both are exchange PhD students sent by our collaborators Prof. Louise Natrajan (University of Manchester) and Prof. F. Geoffrey N. Cloke (University of Sussex). They are working on joint research projects with the Meyer lab. Welcome to Simon and Sandy! Enjoy Erlangen and the uranium chemistry in the Meyer lab!
Staying with us for a postdoctoral stay is Dr. Angel Romero from Universidad Simón Bolívar (SBU) in Caracas, Venezuela. He received his doctoral degree for work he performed under the supervision of Dr. Simon Lopez in the Organic Chemistry Division of the Chemistry Department at SBU. He will support our "ionic liquids team" with his synthetic skills. Welcome to Germany, Angel!

../kmimg/GroupMemberPhotos/Simon_klein.jpg
../kmimg/GroupMemberPhotos/Dominik_klein.jpg
../kmimg/GroupMemberPhotos/Donald_klein.jpg
../kmimg/GroupMemberPhotos/Chris_klein.jpg
../kmimg/GroupMemberPhotos/Alexander_klein.jpg
../kmimg/GroupMemberPhotos/Matthew_klein.jpg
../kmimg/GroupMemberPhotos/Angel_klein.jpg